we've made it to the end of
2024 this has been the longest year of
my life between making these videos and
competing in Ultimate Frisbee all over
the world this year
controversies and also a huge background
project that y'all don't know about yet
but we'll soon but just a mini recap
January started off the year with a bang
Apple Vision Pro came out and I had a
lot of thoughts this is also when I got
invited to try out for Team USA for
Ultimate Frisbee more on that later
picture of the month for me is this this
is the last photo I took of my Tesla
Model S daily driver being driven Away
by the new owner in February Sora got
unveiled I dribbled the 3D printed
basketball for the first time I uploaded
the longest video of the Year reviewing
every single Samsung Galaxy phone ever
43 minutes and 46 seconds long that
would be 20.7 gigs I also reviewed the
Fisker Ocean on the autofocus Channel as
the worst car I've ever tested which
then proceeded to blow up I was far from
the first person to say negative things
about this car but for a number of
different reasons this one hit a little
different and I mean I was accused of
sabotaging the company's stock price on
purpose killing the company as a whole
none of which are really true I also
don't care about the stock prices of
these companies but we learned some
lessons about negative reviews and bad
products and the relationship that they
have more on that later too but most
excitingly in February I joined Ridge as
the chief creative partner which
honestly to me is the biggest thing I've
ever done outside of YouTube it's really
exciting we've already started making
physical products and we have some more
in development that you guys are going
to start to see coming out in 2025 so
I'm I'm excited about that picture of
the month for February this headline
about Apple Vision Pro I think it's a
translation error it's supposed to say
that MKBHD weighs in but
yeah in March small phones officially
died I reviewed the cybertruck and
probably our biggest production as a
team ever and I also got to go to Japan
for the first time to play in one of the
biggest Ultimate Frisbee tournaments in
the world in the shadow of Mount Fuji uh
I went with New York's team one of two
American teams that were there and we
won it was sick this is also the month
that uh that Team USA try out that I
mentioned earlier I found out that I
made that team for the first time ever
in my career so that added a bunch of uh
training camps and an international
World Championship trip to Australia to
the calendar then on March 14th Pi Day
uh Tesla Service man pulled up to the
studio to change a tire on somebody's
car here at the studio and that's
something that they do sometimes if
you're in the right area of the country
they'll bring the service to you with a
little truck and so they performed the
service it was very convenient until it
caught on fire it started off as a a
small not so concerning fire contained
inside the van and then quickly turned
into a pretty big full-on vehicle fire
right outside our studio this was the
dash cam footage from my car which
detected an event while it was parked
and automatically started recording so
yeah the local fire department was able
to put it out pretty quickly apparently
the air compressor that they used to
fill the tire and just shorted while
sitting out there in the truck by itself
thankfully the truck was by itself and
no one was hurt photo of the month
though obviously was going to be Fuji in
April I reviewed the Humane pin and the
rabbit R1 two Standalone AI products
that just clearly came up way short of
their promises and still do to an extent
but this reignited the conversation
about negative product reviews no pun
intended about ignited but it felt like
everyone on the internet had something
to say about it this time people
weighing in on the side of consumers
also on the side of product makers I
still stand by everything I said in
those reviews but what I mostly Learned
was the power that these reviews
actually have which is fascinating and
to borrow from a conversation that I had
earlier with Colin and Samir that the
weight of the publish button is heavy oh
also this was the month that we went to
shoot a video in Ohio in the direct path
of the total solar eclipse total
coincidence but also the best
Coincidence of my life I've told you
guys before but my bucket list is
basically to experience as many natural
phenomenon as possible blizzard see a
tornado Aurora Borealis all these fun
things and uh fun fact during this month
I also had all four of my wisdom teeth
taken out during the earthquake that
happened in New Jersey true story not
making that up photo of the month shot
on my iPhone 15 Pro SpaceX launches
sometimes do crazy things to the sky in
May I gave the commencement speech to
the graduates of the college I graduated
from less than 10 years ago it was
surreal I made a chaty BT joke it went
pretty good but mostly I was reminded
that time flies and we also have the
First Team USA training camp at a
tournament in columia metagene is is
beautiful the city is like kind of
carved into the side of the mountain
it's amazing we also won that tournament
it was sick and photo of the month nice
one in June the autofocus Channel hit a
million subscribers I attempted to
interview Tim Cook but ended up just
reminding him that the Magic Mouse
exists and I made one of my gril videos
which was a behind the scenes video of
the tech behind a PGA Tour broadcast
I've been a golfer since I was 10 so
just like being up close with that stuff
is the coolest thing ever but also
there's so much Tech in all the rest of
sports so there will definitely be more
of these I also played in the good good
desert open with a bunch of other golf
creators I didn't even play that great
it was super Rusty but it's literally
the first time I've ever played golf in
front of a serious crowd of people and
it was awesome photo of the month my
crude mockup that became the thumbnail
of the Golf Tech video so then in July I
told the FBI story that I thought I'd
never tell we may or may not have
another one TBD and then we had our
second Team USA training camp this time
in Denver with that nice thin air photo
of the month for me me my wristband tan
starting to get a little bit crazy then
in August okay all the new pixels came
out and the books Palma really got us
rethinking handheld devices as a
category and then I took the longest
break that I have ever taken from making
YouTube videos ever but I was in
Australia for 2 weeks for the world
ultimate championships there's three
divisions open mixed and women's I
played for the Mixed team we played
against Switzerland Australia AR artina
Japan Germany Great Britain Italy
Australia and Canada on our way to a
gold medal as part of a USA sweep uh
this right here is the moment that we
won break for the USA NOA Baka to
Marquez brownley for the score the game
and the championship the United States
world champions in the mixed division
I I think I need to make an ultimate
frisbee explained video because I I can
see people getting confused every time I
post about it and there's so many
different versions of it that it is
actually kind of confusing but it's
something that I care a lot about maybe
that's a 2025 thing but then hey picture
of that month very Australia and just
like that it was tember I flew directly
from Australia to the Apple event for
the iPhone 16 reveal fun fact okay
thanks to time zones I took off from
Australia at 6: A.M the morning of the
Apple event and then 10 hours later I
landed in California at 6: a.m. the
morning of the event and so that's why I
had something like I think it ended up
being 31 total stand hours for the day I
was maybe a little bit delirious but I
still think that video turned out fine
you could probably tell I was tired
though we also launched the low toop
version of the model 251s with Adams
which are on sale now and they are the
best version yet of the most comfortable
shoe you'll ever wear I love these
things I wear them almost every day I'm
so glad we got to make them and then
Time Magazine put me as one of the
hundred most influential people in
AI really interesting list probably
because of the rabbit and Humane stuff
but yeah crazy list and then we launched
panels our wallpaper app to the world
this was something we' worked on as a
team in the background for the better
part of a year you know sourcing from
artists developing designing everything
and then launching it with the review of
the new iPhone unfortunately that was a
total misjudgment on my part I spent way
too much time well way more time on the
product review than actually explaining
the app itself which do it needed its
own explanation so people didn't really
understand I didn't really properly
explain the features or what it did why
it existed or why it even had a premium
pric tier and it had a bunch of other
issues at launch to begin with that it
never should have had but nevertheless
it was my turn to get roasted this is
the same guy that reviewed the Fisker
earlier this year and the Humane pin and
the rabbit so now it was all turned on
me as the person making the product that
wasn't up to par and I deserved it so I
prioritized fixing things based on
feedback and obviously making the video
actually explaining everything about it
um but yeah that was the first time
really feeling like the entire internet
was pointed at me but for a negative
like people outside of the Tech
Community everyone being disappointed
and it sucks to disappoint people so
that was some serious lessons learned in
communication in the priorities that we
have and uh and hopefully being able to
improve things I'm proud of how much we
were able to improve based on the
feedback that we actually got so now the
app and the artists involved are
thriving and doing better than ever and
I look forward to continuing to share
cool wallpapers for the people who care
about that stuff photo of the month this
uh this kangaro was surprisingly like
concerningly chill about this picture
then in October we saw Robo taxis and
robots that may come out someday maybe
we saw AR glasses that are out and some
that are also definitely never coming
out I also saw my face in a Best Buy
shout out to Ridge and my photo of the
month goes to Pony the other Ultimate
Frisbee team I play on going to
Nationals having our best Tournament of
the Year eventually losing in the finals
and taking silver then in November I
reviewed maybe the product of the year
the Bas M4 Mac Mini just became easily
the best deal in Apple's whole lineup
maybe in all of computers then directly
after I released a DJI action cam video
a video about using these action cams it
was sponsored there were a whole bunch
of learnings about sponsored videos from
that experience that I took in pretty
quickly but I wanted to use this
opportunity to address the bigger issue
from that whole experience which was the
driving clip even though it's no longer
in that video so there was a clip in
that video since removed of POV driving
a Lamborghini and accelerating to over
90 mph in a 35 mph Zone it's just stupid
and dangerous not just for the actual
act which is stupid and dangerous but
also for the potential precedent that it
could set because like we said I know
people watch these videos and for
someone to watch that and think that
it's okay so I apologized uh I removed
it which I still think is the correct
thing to do obviously never doing it in
the first place would have been way
smarter but um I also never gave any any
context or any other details or anything
around it just because I didn't think it
felt like just excuses that nobody
needed but I feel like for those of you
who are watching my videos you deserve
at least a little bit of of of context
and explanation of how we got there in
the first place so earlier in November
uh another YouTuber who will remain
nameless invited me out to test drive a
car and I said okay yeah sounds fun we
went out and the way these work is that
the salesperson sort of takes you out on
a pre-designated test drive route it was
it was outside New Jersey I didn't know
the space very well so I just followed
their lead they sort of showed you where
to go and I we went out and then came
back so I had the action cam with me as
I had for the past couple weeks as i'
shot Clips here and there around just on
how it could be used to shoot anything
anywhere so on the way back as oh okay
I'll shoot a clip of of a few seconds of
driving because this could be used to
shoot driving shots um none of this
context really matters that much and
there's a reason for speed limits and I
own that responsibility I'm lucky that
nothing went wrong during that test
drive I just I would have been my fault
and that would have been horrible so uh
I encourage you to not do what I did I
learned several valuable lessons here in
all of this um
you know making mistakes and genuinely
learning from them and changing I think
that's a super important thing to just
have as a as a human and then also as
the responsibility that I have as a very
visible Creator and that people look up
to what I do and what we make as a team
so clearly everything deserves an extra
layer of diligence and again that the
publish button is very heavy so picture
of the month for November my high school
also has an ultimate frisbee team and
every year they have an alumni versus
current high school team game an annual
game I've played in that game a lot both
as a player and as an
alumni never lost never lost so then in
December I reviewed Sora as it was
Unleashed on the public and then it very
quickly got one uped by Google's vo and
now the AI video generation Wars are
suddenly underway not sure how to feel
about that yet and then of course I gave
out my 2024 smartphone Awards and about
half the trophies have actually already
been claimed by the companies that won
them oh and and Bitcoin hit 100K
so yeah I guess I'll keep holding photo
of the month foggy cold New York City
night it's definitely a vibe from the
sidewalk below so 2024 was a crazy year
uh and I learned I learned a lot of
lessons and I think what's maybe the
most interesting is the one main lesson
kind of came from both Ultimate Frisbee
and this stuff here on YouTube which is
and I had a coach say this and I never
forget it that pressure is a
privilege in in sport you don't
necessarily get to always play for
something that means a lot it might mean
a lot to you but something that really
means a lot uh to actually have that
opportunity is crazy it's awesome
and the same thing here pressure is a
privilege like you don't necessarily get
to make something and and create
something new and send it out to the
internet and have anybody care about it
so the fact that we get to do that
here is a privilege and uh I don't want
to forget that and I also think it's
sort of clarified it's it's made a lot
clearer what I want to do in 2025 and
going forward which is a bit of a return
to the basics a little back to the
basics of quality over quantity a little
bit more good videos rather than just a
ton of videos so hopefully you're down
for that as always thank you for
watching you guys are what makes this
possible catch you next year peace
[Music]